I'm going to teach you accounting and finance in a way that you've never been taught before.
I'm going to teach accounting and finance.
Assuming you have no or very little background or experience in finance and accounting I'm a firm believer
in edutainment meaning education and entertainment.
We have to enjoy the process.
And so I really want to inspire you and teach you to enjoy accounting and finance.
Like a good book.
So this is how I teach accounting and finance at the business schools I teach at nights and I'm humbled
to say that's from the feedback you can find online by searching my name or through LinkedIn for my
students that the feedback is fantastic.
When I teach in these courses and they really enjoy complex classes like finance and accounting and
they learn a lot and they have fun doing it as well.
And so I'm going to take several semesters of university taught accounting classes by his classes valuation
classes and modeling classes and fit them into this simple four to five hour course.
So here's the roadmap of what we're going to cover.
Accounting is really all about what has already happened in the past.
OK.
And it's more of a science meaning you have to be precise and record exactly what occurred now.
Finance is a little bit different.
Finance is more of an art as you're kind of creating and predicting the future through financial projections
.
OK so it's really subject to interpretations and it's based upon your assumptions which I'll teach Ewan's
course.
So the whole point is to really understand how to value and come up with target price for companies
using accounting and finance.
And I actually really enjoyed the process as well.
So we're going to go through from an accounting perspective what an income statement is from scratch
.
OK.
I'm assume you have no background on this topic.
We'll do the same for the balance sheet.
And then the cash flow statement and then we're going to project the future really goes through many
online free resources to help us put together our financial forecasts.
Okay we're going to model financials and predict the future and the stuff that I want you to use and
I'll show you how to use for free online.
Is this stuff I used to pay thousands of dollars for every single month at my hedge fund or when I worked
at Goldman Sachs or when I work currently in the venture capital sector I'm going to give this all to
you for free.
I want to show you where to get online and how to use it.
And so we're going to also assess the financial statements of a company and look at how healthy the
company is.
You know do they need a check up and they need help.
Or not just by looking at the financials.
So a lot of fun.
And again you don't have to have any experience in finance and accounting to take this course and enjoy
the process of learning about this.
OK so we're going to start with accounting in sections 2 to 4 and this course and then we'll move on
to finance and modelling in sections 5 to 8 and then we're going to cover many different valuation methodologies
to come up with the appropriate target price for the companies we're analyzed in section sign to 14
.
And then what we'll do is we'll learn how to use many different cool accounting and finance formulas
to really assess the health of a company.
So I'm really passionate about the way I teach and I know you're not understand and enjoy finance and
accounting after you finished taking this course.
Or else please receive a 100 percent refund which of course is the case with all of my courses.
So this is the way I really wish finances accounting and valuation modeling was taught to me when I
was in university.
So there's can be many different Excel exercises in this course and we're really enjoy a more visualized
approach to learning accounting finance modeling valuation and understanding financial statements.
Thanks